---
layout: post
title: "UnNamed Podcast : Statistics"
date: 2021-11-11 10:10:29
file: https://dts.podtrac.com/redirect.mp3/archive.org/download/episode-3-statistics-recording-edited/Episode%203%20Statistics_Recording_edited.mp3
summary: "Podcast Statistics."
description: "Discussing Statistics along with other Podcast information"
duration: "22:14" 
length: "366"
explicit: "no" 
keywords: "technology, podcast, creators"
block: "no" 
voices: "DonOvan Johnson, Gregory Coleman"
---

### The Un Named Podcast

#### Transcript ####

DonOvan Johnson: Welcome to the unnamed podcast hosted by me DonOvan Johnson and Coleman.

DonOvan Johnson: He was a little slow on it, he.

DonOvan Johnson: His name is Greg Coleman.

DonOvan Johnson: i'm DonOvan and we're about building a podcast with positive energy because we don't know what we're doing so what we're going to be focuses on focusing on is.

DonOvan Johnson: working out the kinks of doing a podcast and learning as we go so you're in for a ride and our main mission statement is where we want to do is to serve as an example.

DonOvan Johnson: For how to overcome the perfection syndrome, the fear of doing something, because you don't know how to do it, but any professional they start.

DonOvan Johnson: Either they're trained and they know limited or they don't have any knowledge so we're in a sense, training, by doing so, bear with us as we continue, and I thank you for listening.

Gregory Coleman: You know everyone has to start somewhere, you know i've i've been building IT platforms for four years, I had to start someplace.

Gregory Coleman: And you know I want to do a podcast but you know I I needed just to start you know you start, and then you figure out what you're going to be doing.

Gregory Coleman: And so, for this episode, I want to talk about like branding and look at some statistics but that's that's all about getting going, and you know the good thing about this is DonOvan has been doing this for decades now he's got the great poise.

DonOvan Johnson: me sound oh dad gave.

His.

DonOvan Johnson: it's been doing it for weeks he's been doing it for weeks.

DonOvan Johnson: Oh no.

DonOvan Johnson: I got 38 years but I started when I was five so.

Now.

Gregory Coleman: you're in kindergarten.

DonOvan Johnson: Decades sound so but anyway we're we're glad to be able to be together and.

DonOvan Johnson: You know the new wave is the the turning is the the podcast as opposed to traditional radio and we're just going to learn how to do it, and if we can do it, you can do this.

DonOvan Johnson: let's talk about branding.

DonOvan Johnson: Or what do we talk about what we had learned from the previous podcast.

Gregory Coleman: Previous podcast I mean for me i've the feedback, I always gotten was you know I need to stop saying so so much.

Gregory Coleman: Okay me too.

Gregory Coleman: I need to be more clear, I mean for one thing I like the fact we're doing this live right we're not really doing tons of edits or anything like that not saying we're never enjoyed edit but.

Gregory Coleman: I like doing.

Gregory Coleman: You know, doing the show live, you know, because this is this is how we are.

DonOvan Johnson: yeah it's just like.

DonOvan Johnson: You know comedians today, they say, well you know you're right on the edge and.

DonOvan Johnson: You you, you have an idea of what you want to do might have worked out, but the whole thing is that audiences they're listening now, so you have to relate to that up front.

DonOvan Johnson: front and Center so we're doing it live, and you know, without a parachute, so this is how I think we can show as a day like I said as the example is do it, and then refine it as you go along so we're tour from the floor up, so to speak, so.

DonOvan Johnson: let's go.

DonOvan Johnson: What did you see us podcast.

DonOvan Johnson: What is that.

Gregory Coleman: Listening habit habits yeah.

Yes.

Gregory Coleman: And so I mean it's so it's so funny that like half the people listen to podcast while they're walking really yeah, what do you present i'm what am I.

DonOvan Johnson: My guess would have been wild they're.

DonOvan Johnson: commuting to work which i'm sure that would be up there, or are exercising but wow at home.

Gregory Coleman: I think there's like I don't have these, but apparently like Amazon ECHO, you can actually listen to podcasts through them.

Gregory Coleman: And i'm never sure to do that, but a lot of us are walking and I do that too, I have to go and get something i'm walking i'll listen to a podcast.

Gregory Coleman: And for me, I think I think the fact we're doing a shorter podcast works for me, because this, this is just my pet peeve there's some podcasts for like an hour and a half it's like i'm not walking for an.

DonOvan Johnson: hour and a half yeah that's why.

DonOvan Johnson: I thought it would be commuting because you know.

DonOvan Johnson: You can listen to traditional radio, but if you really want to learn something or, if you want a fresh like you say something that's live happening going right now, then you would you know you say, well, I got 20 minute commute or 30 minute commute some people.

DonOvan Johnson: You know I have longer community that would have been my guests and i'm seeing now it's only 37% of the people that listen to podcasts are listening, while their Community so.

Gregory Coleman: yeah it was I mean I was also I was sort of impressed by that.

Gregory Coleman: This is, of course, audio so you can't see the screen we're looking at, but.

yeah.

Gregory Coleman: But let's see seven out of 10.

Gregory Coleman: People don't want to do anything that was it was amazing.

Gregory Coleman: i'm scrolling down scrolling down scrolling down so here's here's an interesting one.

Gregory Coleman: That listers they listen, the most is like four to five podcasts a week.

DonOvan Johnson: that's Nice.

Gregory Coleman: But here's the 14% listen to over 1111 podcasts a week.

DonOvan Johnson: wow.

Gregory Coleman: that's a huge number.

Gregory Coleman: man.

Gregory Coleman: that's a lot, I mean I listened to, I listened to.

Gregory Coleman: Like four or five and that's about it.

DonOvan Johnson: i'm about three myself three week.

DonOvan Johnson: Nelson everything, because I don't want to be, you know you don't want to copy or you know feel like I gotta do it like Joe rogan or just.

DonOvan Johnson: Nobody listened or the automation but um but, thank goodness, they broke that mold a long time.

DonOvan Johnson: Oh man, but uh I I just said i've i've really realized how much you can learn.

DonOvan Johnson: On a podcast as opposed to our program and you can always pause it and go back to it, and you know there's no limit so i'm probably going to be in the six to 10 real soon you know because there's so much you can learn it's.

DonOvan Johnson: Just like YouTube.

DonOvan Johnson: I don't know how to fix my coffeemaker so i've been up then go to YouTube put them all and it's somebody already fixing it it's like man that's the new way podcast is the way to go, so.

Gregory Coleman: I think it is, I mean it's with Radio you know there's a limit number stations.

Gregory Coleman: And you can't stop it, you can't you know you get to listen to what you want to like I listened to, I listened cyber security podcasts and you know, would there ever been a cyber security podcast cyber security station just.

Gregory Coleman: Yet cyrus yeah it would never happen.

DonOvan Johnson: It would never.

Gregory Coleman: want so.

Gregory Coleman: there's.

DonOvan Johnson: But there's information and you have your own select the audience that needs to know uh you know, we have an issues with our business and.

DonOvan Johnson: they're hacking in, and you know we got so many things that are vital to our company, we need to have security.

DonOvan Johnson: And that's where you come in and then they you're speaking directly to them, they don't have to worry about commercials they don't have to worry about what did they say Oh, you know they can go back and listen and say, well, let me write that down, you know.

DonOvan Johnson: it's just wow it's so convenient at your own time.

Gregory Coleman: I think that's.

Gregory Coleman: Why people listening to it.

Gregory Coleman: let's see another statistic, you know I think we probably should we could we could fill up a whole show, with just talking about statistics and stuff that you'd never know about.

DonOvan Johnson: The most popular genres in the US, what do you have in as the number one job.

Gregory Coleman: Number one is comedy.

Gregory Coleman: What you know the number one you know people get on podcast they just talk and be funny be themselves.

DonOvan Johnson: wow.

DonOvan Johnson: I should have been on this now.

Gregory Coleman: You should have been a juvenile and then we should be an expert an expert or you know dealing with new.

DonOvan Johnson: I thought news would be whereas newser.

Gregory Coleman: Oh that's number this number two.

DonOvan Johnson: that's 22% I mean 21%.

Gregory Coleman: And then the one after that is true crime which is like you know my.

Gregory Coleman: Though shows been popular I mean I guess you know, even in the 60s and 70s, in the start of Radio people had.

Gregory Coleman: You know yeah these crimes stories on radio.

DonOvan Johnson: yeah cuz the you know the glues you know that in horror people can't get away from that man.

Gregory Coleman: i'm actually like.

Gregory Coleman: This is woman who she had a fraud company called their nose.

DonOvan Johnson: uh huh.

Gregory Coleman: And i'm actually listening that it's not really true crime but they're just going, what does it is true, crime, which was it was has been convicted, so I guess is that crime yet.

Gregory Coleman: But.

Gregory Coleman: It is a true i'm these are actually crimes that are actually happen.

DonOvan Johnson: Not fictitious these are real point.

Gregory Coleman: I have no idea, but I think it's I think it's a real ones.

DonOvan Johnson: um.

Gregory Coleman: You know they probably easy easy shows to make you just.

Gregory Coleman: You know you find a crime, and then you talk about it.

Gregory Coleman: Which which now I mean you know this court records and everything is probably a really easy one.

DonOvan Johnson: yeah number three I wouldn't have guessed that it would be the number third.

Gregory Coleman: Most listen to john there's there's a lot of true calm podcast and there's like even for cyber security, which is what I deal with a job there's cyber security like true crime type podcast where they look into a hack like who was behind the heck what did they.

Gregory Coleman: Do yeah and that's why it's like we're not going to list the name of it because they're not pants but it's it's a pie and sort of like a true crime family.

DonOvan Johnson: Yet.

DonOvan Johnson: Remember the pipeline, where they hacked into the pipeline is shut down the pipeline now.

DonOvan Johnson: Sometime early this year or last year.

Gregory Coleman: There was a few years ago that was in.

Gregory Coleman: There was one case, and this is this is sort of a crazy one.

Gregory Coleman: They have what's called a cyber kill chain right if you can't.

Gregory Coleman: get to your target.

Gregory Coleman: You destroy something.

Gregory Coleman: That your target needs.

DonOvan Johnson: yeah.

Gregory Coleman: So in this case, what.

Gregory Coleman: The facility, they wanted to attack they really couldn't shut it down.

Gregory Coleman: So, instead, the the the water company or water plant whatever was pumping This might be a different taste on you're talking about.

Gregory Coleman: But their security is really weak, so what they actually did they went in and they totally shut down the water, so the facility, they were trying to attack they couldn't attack it.

Gregory Coleman: But without water couldn't run.

DonOvan Johnson: that's right that is so oh man that's.

Gregory Coleman: The image changing they did.

Gregory Coleman: So it's like now, they should get out it's like I might not be able to get to you.

Gregory Coleman: But I can do the things you need.

DonOvan Johnson: yeah things of value, you need that Iran so well.

DonOvan Johnson: Yes, wow man that's really good.

DonOvan Johnson: i'd say wow wow but I like.

Gregory Coleman: You know that's what podcasting for lots of good stories.

Gregory Coleman: yeah lots of people talking um but you want to do something about the most popular genres the least popular.

Gregory Coleman: scripted scripted drama, where people are writing you know.

DonOvan Johnson: plays and stuff and.

Gregory Coleman: performing it's not really it's not really popular at all, I think that was like popular like war of the worlds.

Gregory Coleman: That was great I still like listening to that.

DonOvan Johnson: Orson Welles man, it was great that was great you know.

Gregory Coleman: that's why i'm showing my age so.

DonOvan Johnson: When you said, I was in this for decades.

Gregory Coleman: Well i'm pretty sure you did not listen to the original broadcast.

DonOvan Johnson: No, I did not so don't don't get that twisted I was not.

Clear.

Gregory Coleman: It was like the days before TV.

Gregory Coleman: Apparently, but yeah it was um so yeah so here's the thing you look at like the enough force in the bottom of scripted comedy and scripted drama.

Gregory Coleman: or two genres that just don't do well you know I think the thing about podcast says, you know you can you can build you build your personality into.

DonOvan Johnson: And scripted you just go against when you could blend some of this stuff.

Gregory Coleman: You know.

DonOvan Johnson: Like i'm looking at finance finance will be higher go back to finance and finances 12345 from the bottom.

Gregory Coleman: And investigative journalism, I thought would be would be better, but I thought politics up really high.

DonOvan Johnson: Act that's what I was about to step up politics will be like number three or four sports is higher than politics and seemed like people want to debate in and they will be more more listeners on the political side, but no.

Gregory Coleman: I can see sport, I can, I can tell you.

DonOvan Johnson: know I knew I know sort of what.

DonOvan Johnson: I thought pull the politics, would be a little higher close to sports, but no.

DonOvan Johnson: where's news or news is number two so that covers a lot of that.

Gregory Coleman: People can talk about football all day long, I mean you know there's some people that's all they want to talk about a sports and you know i'm just gonna be tons of podcast ridiculousness sports.

DonOvan Johnson: But you know when I, I find myself, and this is a confession I just now starting to like football.

DonOvan Johnson: Other than the teams are the cities that I live in, I was more in a basketball but man it's been enjoyable now college football, I was more into but you know if you weren't my team.

DonOvan Johnson: I just want to know if you're going to be playing on a team so, but now i'm more into football in.

DonOvan Johnson: This is some good stuff that's been going on and it's newsworthy is entertainment is crazy and shocking but um yeah that's my confession so who cares.

Gregory Coleman: i'd so.

DonOvan Johnson: I just wanted to share.

Gregory Coleman: No i'm not gonna say anything I mean i'm a you know I watch football, so I football, and I think you know it's just when you're when you're a kid it's like going to the football stadium when you're a kid it's like awesome.

Gregory Coleman: So here's some audience statistics right.

Gregory Coleman: In 2020 and 41% of adults in the US have listened to a podcast and last month.

DonOvan Johnson: wow.

Gregory Coleman: that's a lie 41% 40%.

DonOvan Johnson: So this year.

Gregory Coleman: yeah and it's it's pretty crazy.

Gregory Coleman: Most people use it for smartphones and tablets 65% users right and actually, this is one of the statistics, I wanted to talk about before we get to branding.

Gregory Coleman: know we just ended up talking about statistics so.

Gregory Coleman: spoiler alert is going to be a two part episode, we have to come back to here and.

Gregory Coleman: Talk about the branding in our next episode.

DonOvan Johnson: I was.

Gregory Coleman: A teaser.

Gregory Coleman: And so yeah there's a there's a lot of people.

Gregory Coleman: In continuing laptops are only useful for like one fourth of podcasters.

DonOvan Johnson: i'm in that category to 65% because tablet iPhone you know smartphone I will see that being a number one you know.

Gregory Coleman: If you have.

DonOvan Johnson: When you at all times, if you're you know, I was listening to the podcast when I had to have a.

DonOvan Johnson: dinner appointment and you know you always early but they make you wait long time, so you know I decided to catch up on some podcasts and.

DonOvan Johnson: kind of have my phone with me or my tablet would have been stuck watching whatever they have one TV.

DonOvan Johnson: TV watching where you learn so much more with podcast So hopefully you're learning something from us, if nothing else how not to do a box.

DonOvan Johnson: dad.

DonOvan Johnson: mercy, please.

Gregory Coleman: Those communities it.

Gregory Coleman: Okay here's another advertising statistics i'm just jumping around or.

Gregory Coleman: The US podcast industry is set to hit a billion in ad revenue.

Gregory Coleman: And when you're 21.

DonOvan Johnson: With me.

Gregory Coleman: billion, a billion, which is, which is not bad, you know.

Gregory Coleman: I don't know how much radio gets, but I think a billion is probably pretty high and it's going directly to you know people there's a lot of two and three person podcast so it's not like it's going to a huge network and.

Gregory Coleman: Right and CEOs and stuff like that it's going to people are actually doing it.

Gregory Coleman: And radio has such a big head start you know it was.

DonOvan Johnson: Back in the 1800s no.

Gregory Coleman: No okay I don't know anything about that.

Gregory Coleman: Well, so.

DonOvan Johnson: Early 1900s or whatever, but the thing is they got a big hit star for that big of a chunk up billion dollars.

DonOvan Johnson: an advertisement that's a way that's telling you something we're in the right way in the right track.

Gregory Coleman: there's lots of ways to.

Gregory Coleman: monetize and everything but.

Gregory Coleman: So here's another statistic, there are 10 million more weekly podcast consumers in the US to netflix accounts.

DonOvan Johnson: that's shocking because they are they even have the thing netflix netflix and chill.

Gregory Coleman: well.

DonOvan Johnson: they're bigger bigger audience wow 10 million more that's nothing to shake a stick at.

Gregory Coleman: 10 million.

Gregory Coleman: or 20 million net for.

Gregory Coleman: That weekly.

DonOvan Johnson: weekly.

DonOvan Johnson: 10 million more weekly then.

DonOvan Johnson: man.

Gregory Coleman: So.

Gregory Coleman: A lot of podcast listeners out there.

Gregory Coleman: yeah it is so.

Gregory Coleman: Actually, my remote on my TV has a netflix button.

DonOvan Johnson: yeah my to try to.

Gregory Coleman: hit the button on in there, it goes, which is.

Gregory Coleman: sort of crazy i'm just going back through statistics oh.

Gregory Coleman: No it's a boy it's just it was a good citizen, but I want to find something really, really good.

Gregory Coleman: Oh three out of the four podcast consumers, the US listen to this format to learn new things like.

DonOvan Johnson: What I was saying, I learned a lot before I used to look up the people say I have this problem, so I saw it on YouTube Now you can send them to a podcast.

DonOvan Johnson: In and that's where i've been learning quite a bit and I try to learn something new, every day, so that's been my lifelong you know process learn something new, even if it's something little bit learn something new and so.

DonOvan Johnson: I guess, a very important you know oh wow.

Gregory Coleman: i'm in the.

DonOvan Johnson: Word wow again learn, not to say wow.

Gregory Coleman: I don't.

Gregory Coleman: I don't.

Gregory Coleman: really use the learning I just.

Gregory Coleman: it's more interesting because I exercise on so I ride a bike and I walked a lot.

Gregory Coleman: And so you know i'm outside I definitely want to hear so that's.

Gregory Coleman: that's when I listened to podcasts and it's not really to to learn new things, although you know learn how to make a podcast that'd be a great podcast Oh, and let people are listening to this.

Gregory Coleman: But that's just me but.

Gregory Coleman: You know there's tons of podcasters tons of things to do all this.

DonOvan Johnson: And it's on your time it's on your time you.

DonOvan Johnson: know you post it whenever you want to yeah and and that's so convenient but.

DonOvan Johnson: Like if you miss a radio broadcast you gotta wait to that person I mean to that personalities back on.

DonOvan Johnson: The next day over the weekend if they're not a weekend show yeah wait until the next Monday, you know so and they're even though radio stations on the podcast and now they're taking it shows in there.

DonOvan Johnson: To put him on cool yeah.

DonOvan Johnson: yeah that all I say something, but so yeah.

DonOvan Johnson: And you know.

DonOvan Johnson: I remember when I was on the air, I used to have people on the phone.

DonOvan Johnson: I had two shows going I was on there and i'm doing the show, but I have my friends and callers calling some time I have 16 lines open and we're on.

DonOvan Johnson: we're talking about all kinds of stuff and so hold on I gotta do commercial break and I was like man, I could have thought about that, before park that's.

DonOvan Johnson: Really, since.

DonOvan Johnson: that's you know people want to talk, they want to be heard, they want to learn things they want to share and radio is normally one way.

DonOvan Johnson: Unless you get a caller on air, but I used to have 16 callers on the you know and had to leave for open for the switchboard and the we were giving contests, you know sort of people call in but no, I was like you guys, you should be listening to the show whoo that's the timer.

Okay.

DonOvan Johnson: 20.

DonOvan Johnson: minutes.

Gregory Coleman: We had a great show.

DonOvan Johnson: I don't say it was a great, but we at least have personality.

Gregory Coleman: wise, I think it was good, you talked about statistics right, then we have a teaser because the next show is going to be the branding show.

Yes.

DonOvan Johnson: he's on the branding or.

Gregory Coleman: we're we're going to talk about brain we're talking about picking image sizes we're going to talk about picking the title we're going to we're going to talk about intro music.

Gregory Coleman: And we're going to learn about you know if you're starting a podcast what what we have to do to brand it and we're going to look at our you know, an image for our website.

Gregory Coleman: And that's all essential elements to a podcast so we, we want to make sure that.

DonOvan Johnson: You know that we're going to learn how to do that and that's going to be our.

DonOvan Johnson: Next podcast so we appreciate you listening to this podcast putting up with me and Greg but we appreciate you and, as we grow and as we learn what we don't know now we know.

DonOvan Johnson: So thank you so much for listening and we'll see you on the next time, on the other side and as.

Gregory Coleman: We make it fun.

DonOvan Johnson: I name podcast.

