---
layout: post
title: "Podcast Breakdown : Podcast Microphones"
date: 2021-11-08 10:10:29
file: https://dts.podtrac.com/redirect.mp3/archive.org/download/episode-2-microphones-recording-640x-360-11-7-21-6.51-am/Episode%202%20Microphones_Recording_640x360%20-%2011%3A7%3A21%2C%206.51%20AM.mp3
summary: "Podcast Microphones."
description: "Discussing microphones we are using for our podcasts. Join us as we talk about building our podcast"
duration: "24:25" 
length: "366"
explicit: "no" 
keywords: "technology, podcast, creators"
block: "no" 
voices: "DonOvan Johnson, Gregory Coleman"
---

### The Podcast Breakdown

#### Transcript ####

DonOvan Johnson: Well, I sent it out to a couple of.

DonOvan Johnson: You know I said I had I had sent out that the podcast you know the original one, so people can listen to it so.

Gregory Coleman: that's one.

DonOvan Johnson: Well, I sent out 12 people I just sent it out to some family members.

DonOvan Johnson: can get an idea.

Gregory Coleman: Where to start, and you can start to sustain because you're the professional.

DonOvan Johnson: Well, no, I wouldn't walk a walk over with you, first, I was gonna say something like a welcome to the unnamed podcast hosted by donovan Johnson and Greg Coleman or you could say your name.

DonOvan Johnson: And we're not and I said we're positively approaching.

DonOvan Johnson: Building our own podcast by learning how to do a podcast with no knowledge or something like that.

Gregory Coleman: It sounds good.

DonOvan Johnson: Well, I mean I just get them I probably not gonna come out exactly like that, but I was just giving myself some kind of.

DonOvan Johnson: Does it sound better talking directly in or or sound.

DonOvan Johnson: crossed it this way.

Gregory Coleman: I will try.

DonOvan Johnson: I hear you like this sound better one one and then i'll do.

DonOvan Johnson: To to.

Gregory Coleman: Like the one better.

Okay.

DonOvan Johnson: All right.

Gregory Coleman: Okay cool and then you can take us out when time's up because you're probably watching better than me.

DonOvan Johnson: Let me set up my time.

DonOvan Johnson: How long you want to do this, approximately.

Gregory Coleman: 20 minutes, I wanted to, I think I wanted to do like to just look it's just.

DonOvan Johnson: One of those guys kind of quick, you know so.

Gregory Coleman: that's one thing I want to talk here 23 I wanted to talk about it.

Gregory Coleman: Okay, most people listening at home, but if you listen to other working.

Gregory Coleman: housework and stuff like that.

DonOvan Johnson: Right exercising you know stuff like that, so let me do the time.

Gregory Coleman: that's the hardest part it's like i'm looking at this Mike oh doing a show.

DonOvan Johnson: And you want to start in 54321.

Gregory Coleman: i'm going to record it, oh no you go ahead.

Okay.

DonOvan Johnson: In 54321.

DonOvan Johnson: Welcome to the unnamed podcast hosted by me donovan Johnson and.

Gregory Coleman: And me Greg Coleman.

DonOvan Johnson: Where we're positively approaching building our own podcast by learning how to do a podcast, even though we don't have the knowledge of what to do on a podcast so we're learning by doing.

DonOvan Johnson: So let's go to our next episode.

Gregory Coleman: Okay, so a little bit about myself i've been building websites and technology for decades and just wanting to apply what I know to building podcast.

DonOvan Johnson: And that's why he already has one.

DonOvan Johnson: Well, I come from a background in broadcast radio, I was in music radio more than talk radio and I have 38 years of experience in.

DonOvan Johnson: Radio is kind of like going away now and there's a lot of syndication lot of things that are dealing with.

DonOvan Johnson: You know, technology, where it's the year either syndicated or you're on 360 or some other kind of Radio platform, but the trend now is a podcast and so.

DonOvan Johnson: Greg invited me to listen to his podcast and he was like maybe we should do one, so you can get one a platform going for yourself but I didn't know anything about pat podcast so.

DonOvan Johnson: We decided to come together and see how we can build our podcast and then we'll learn by doing and helping others to know how to do it.

DonOvan Johnson: Because we can do it.

DonOvan Johnson: anybody can do it.

Gregory Coleman: Definitely learning by doing.

Gregory Coleman: This what I want to talk about some of the feedback we got from the first one, and something that's been a really big issue for me is microphones because I know absolutely nothing.

Gregory Coleman: About microphones but donovan's like an expert at microphone so that's really, what I want to talk about this time.

Okay.

DonOvan Johnson: So I wouldn't say expert i'm knowledgeable but I don't build them, but I feel that the sound quality because we're not doing.

DonOvan Johnson: The video yet we're going to transform to that, eventually, but right now we're doing audio and it's more versatile because you don't have to watch anything you can just listen so.

DonOvan Johnson: there's two kinds of microphones that are really kind of like beneficial for the voice of narrative and that's the dynamic and the condenser so.

Gregory Coleman: What are the differences between those two I mean when would you use one which is the other one.

DonOvan Johnson: Well, you know a lot of musicians from my knowledge musicians and instrumentals you know with the high frequencies and the noise and you know the loudness they go with condenser and condenser send to.

DonOvan Johnson: Have a it's a diaphragm that vibrates from the electricity the the electrical current from the.

DonOvan Johnson: When you call it the the sound sound way and so it's going to be able to take a lot of loudness whereas.

DonOvan Johnson: The directional microphone that dynamic it's you speaking into it and it's going to modulate less so, some of them have to be you know you have to talk directly into them and there's a pattern.

DonOvan Johnson: On the directional microphone this you can talk directly into it and it's when you go to the side like this it's not as loud and the omnidirectional you can talk in front top below side and behind it'll pick up like a infinity pattern.

DonOvan Johnson: or figure anything so those are the differences but it's like a you know for high pitches like a screaming guitar or you know loud singing it probably be better to go with the other, as opposed to.

Gregory Coleman: The dynamic so when we're dealing.

DonOvan Johnson: With the dynamic the condenser is the one that said it can take it can take more loud sounds and it's that diaphragm that takes the signal.

DonOvan Johnson: And it vibrates to match the signal, but it can you know it's not like the ribbon in the dynamic, you can kind of like get distortion and stuff so it's better to go with the narrative because you're really close on the MIC like we're.

DonOvan Johnson: I think i'm about three to five inches away from the MIC and.

DonOvan Johnson: You can probably get away.

DonOvan Johnson: i'm about three to five, you know less than six inches from the MIC, but you can go actually if you bring your voice, you can go about a foot away, but I would suggest get a little bit closer on the dynamic microphone.

DonOvan Johnson: And radio you're you're talking right into it.

DonOvan Johnson: In radio traditional radio normally you're talking right into it and you got your headphones on so you can kind of mine too late, like if I got real close it gets.

DonOvan Johnson: You know.

DonOvan Johnson: But if I can come for our way you'd say okay get closer to the MIC so it's not only about five inches or less.

DonOvan Johnson: Will not less.

DonOvan Johnson: three, four or five inches is good.

Gregory Coleman: So i'm gonna i'm going to ask me the question, but when some of the feedback we got was the mics were more bad there's like a lot of noises and stuff like that.

DonOvan Johnson: We don't have a MIC at all last.

Gregory Coleman: week we were using iphones.

DonOvan Johnson: we're using iphones I.

DonOvan Johnson: thought we were on the MIC.

DonOvan Johnson: We were not on a MIC.

Gregory Coleman: And it was definitely not awake So hopefully this episode will sound much, much better, so I have a.

Gregory Coleman: Road or you know I never bought a MIC before.

Gregory Coleman: And so I was just looking online and podcaster said Okay, this is a good Mike and I sort of liked the way at what it's like a little square things a little brick.

Gregory Coleman: yeah of course we're not sponsored because.

Gregory Coleman: They don't know who we are.

Gregory Coleman: So this is a totally unbiased unbiased review of someone who knows nothing about microphones so I have this road is i'm going to assume it's a dynamic microphone yeah.

Gregory Coleman: Okay, so.

Gregory Coleman: i'm speaking from the front, I think there's a screen I don't know what speed from the back or whatever.

Gregory Coleman: But it seems to be.

Gregory Coleman: seems to be really good so are most podcast microphones for most microphones for podcasters dynamics.

DonOvan Johnson: What.

Gregory Coleman: Is that would.

DonOvan Johnson: That would mostly, that is what it is.

DonOvan Johnson: Because you're you're you're going to be close up on it and.

DonOvan Johnson: there's nobody on the side or behind you matter of fact, speak over to the top of your go kind of like behind the MIC without moving it and see if it can pick you up clearly.

DonOvan Johnson: say some words.

Gregory Coleman: It just did the change.

DonOvan Johnson: I don't rotate it now don't rotate it go go to the side like.

Gregory Coleman: Oh we're gonna decide.

DonOvan Johnson: Okay, because we rotate it is it might pick up on the other side because it's like a figure eight pattern, but like see me i'm talking directly on, but when I come over to the side see how it's it's less.

DonOvan Johnson: sound quality and as that come close to that go to the right, left up in back, but when i'm directly on it's more warm and kind of more of a you know, a mellow mellow sound.

Gregory Coleman: Like a coffee commercial.

Gregory Coleman: And i'm talking directly from the side right now.

DonOvan Johnson: yeah and you see the Cross pattern see I can turn mine at an angle, I have it on the stand and I can still speak across it and it's less like if you had popping popping peas, or whatever.

DonOvan Johnson: They have a windscreen on my MIC but uh as you could walk across it, it can kind of like take some of the noise away as opposed to directly.

Gregory Coleman: Wait a minute so on so here's one thing I see right, so I can watch the podcast and i'll see these microphones that are like on the end of these like arms.

DonOvan Johnson: So that has following.

DonOvan Johnson: that's like a home.

Gregory Coleman: OK OK, I know, professional words you know.

Gregory Coleman: it's on the end of a MIC boom or just a boom just boom okay.

Gregory Coleman: Did they do that so did you pick a noise from the table, or something.

DonOvan Johnson: Right and seeing radio stations have you got a copy your reading and you're you know you're moving around sometimes most people would call their own control board, so the hands are free, but if you would vibrate like i'm touching the table now.

DonOvan Johnson: and moving paper around on it would extraneous noise would go through the microphone and it's better to have it free floating.

DonOvan Johnson: And you can slide it away from you bring it closer in a sauna spring darn it's like an extra arm and it holds the MIC directly, so you can move it without the noise and.

Gregory Coleman: Over boom might just like sitting in a table next to me.

Gregory Coleman: and

DonOvan Johnson: Mine has a stand and I can adjust it close or you know, bring down or bring it up like a singers microphone stand would be but it's short it's a table table mike's damn.

Gregory Coleman: Good is it do you think it's a boom is worth it for podcasters you can make the sound a lot better should I get one.

DonOvan Johnson: Well it's not a not a bout the microphone is where the sound quality comes from, but the boom gives you access to ability to move around and do things without you know vibrations and like texting.

DonOvan Johnson: You know, those are the things because you're gonna.

DonOvan Johnson: You know, if you read, write down anything, or if you have.

DonOvan Johnson: A picture or anything that you want to look at it's gonna it's going to vibrate.

DonOvan Johnson: If it's near the MIC so this right here it's like hanging it's like above you and you can bring it to the side if you say Okay, I want to talk to the side, and I can look at a monitor if you're looking at a.

DonOvan Johnson: You know somebody giving you time, so you can also something you you don't have to take your your your mouth away from the MIC just look up.

Gregory Coleman: yeah.

Gregory Coleman: I mean I I figured out that I make a lot more noise.

Gregory Coleman: Because, so I have this microphone with the earphones that attached to it, so I here with the microphone here's what's that called.

Gregory Coleman: microphone I mean it.

DonOvan Johnson: sounds like you.

DonOvan Johnson: yeah it's your monitor your monitor you, through your headphones so.

Gregory Coleman: So when i'm.

Gregory Coleman: When i'm honored to through my headphones so I got this MIC back a few days ago, and so, then i'm hearing, like everything and the.

Gregory Coleman: thing that got me was like i'm on zoom calls for a job older I didn't know how loud typing was right, I didn't know I know people hurt I didn't think anybody else heard me typing.

Gregory Coleman: Right so i'm in a zoom meeting and i'm typing and i'm like okay they're not hear me typing in the name and I listened to this microphone and put the earphone in a second we got to see this.

Gregory Coleman: Loud and noisy and, like, I had no idea.

DonOvan Johnson: yeah because you know our ears on the side of our head and the microphones in front of our mouth, so a lot of times you don't hear what you really are listening to because your ears have bones, and you know.

DonOvan Johnson: Your your head has knowns and channels.

DonOvan Johnson: So they're kind of like buffers, but if you were to hear where the microphone is and you were clicking on something.

DonOvan Johnson: it's directly into like you're talking directly, I mean the key keys are going directly into the MIC is if you're speaking in it speaking.

DonOvan Johnson: So they're kind of like competing So if you have soft keys that's why they make a lot of soft key keyboards where they don't they don't make that clicking sound or clacking.

DonOvan Johnson: yeah soft keys, are the ones you know they cost a little bit more than regular keyboards but they have installation and they're soft to text so you might want to try that.

Gregory Coleman: yeah I just I just hit mute on zoom.

Gregory Coleman: started getting that like.

Gregory Coleman: Oh, you know it's like usually always left off mute because I always hated and i'm in a zoom meeting and then someone's on mute and they start talking to you have to like signal to them you're on mute your mute.

Gregory Coleman: So now I started turning on mute all the time.

Gregory Coleman: And then, like 30% of the time I start talking i'm still on mute.

Gregory Coleman: haven't gotten used to it, yet i'm pretty sure everyone else getting starting to get annoyed but I really didn't like to hear me hear me typing.

DonOvan Johnson: Well, you know let's let's admit Greg you say you're cheap, so you don't expend you don't have to spend money on something.

DonOvan Johnson: Going in invest in this.

DonOvan Johnson: Of the soft keys.

DonOvan Johnson: You and then i'll take it off mute.

DonOvan Johnson: on you.

DonOvan Johnson: spend the money is then you can do.

Gregory Coleman: That.

Gregory Coleman: Okay, so that brings me the next day.

Gregory Coleman: and

Gregory Coleman: Is it worth it to get a cheap dynamic MIC or inexpensive.

DonOvan Johnson: Well, you know.

DonOvan Johnson: When you're starting out you shouldn't have to expend your you know your last money to try and a microphone is important.

DonOvan Johnson: But there's some good low budget under hundred dollar mix and there's even some $30 $39 mix, but what it is the durability and you know if you drop them a lot of times I said it in mike's do fall.

DonOvan Johnson: And so you know if you're going to be very, very careful you don't have to spend a lot of money on my MIC you know but.

DonOvan Johnson: The better the longevity of you, if you're starting a podcast and then you want to grow, then I would suggest that.

DonOvan Johnson: You get the MID range to you know but there's some mics that cost thousands of dollars, but those are voiceover artists and those people that really are going to be getting the bang for their buck, but now I think you would be fine.

DonOvan Johnson: The MIC that I have is it's a it's the Q nine you and now i'm not sponsored by them either you know.

DonOvan Johnson: But Samson makes this move this nine Q.

DonOvan Johnson: I mean Q nine you professional broadcasts microphone so you could use it in professional situations, as you grow, you know and it's some of the same dynamics, I mean saying.

DonOvan Johnson: parameters of the radio stations, you know to mix in the radio station, without going way up on your budget, but they sound pretty good, and as you grow and see mine is a dynamic, but it also has a.

DonOvan Johnson: USB Chris we're going directly into computers for this, but if I were to go into a radio station, it also has an xlr Those are three prongs is like the regular mics that you see singers.

DonOvan Johnson: You know they have the MIC stand and they have those three prongs.

DonOvan Johnson: And it goes in.

The.

DonOvan Johnson: No go ahead, I thought you said say what you sayin go ahead.

Gregory Coleman: No, I didn't know that's where xlr team from I was like this, just like an interface or something I didn't know that was like the standard microphone interface was xlr.

Yes.

Gregory Coleman: For me microphones have always been like.

Gregory Coleman: pretty much USB that's pretty easy is built in your computer it's USB that's pretty much all the mics I knew.

Gregory Coleman: I just learned about xlr but I didn't know.

Gregory Coleman: That was, like the professional standard and which makes a lot of sense because they're adapters and it's like Oh, you can put you know xlr microphones in here.

Gregory Coleman: And if you already have a microphone that's a pretty big deal to be able to use the microphones you already have, especially if you spent a lot of money on them.

Gregory Coleman: And, and for me, you know it's like I I just saw that I mean there's all this stuff i'm looking at on Amazon and looking at on these other websites and I don't know.

Gregory Coleman: All these statistics when they're talking about microphones whether they mean and what to do with them, but you know I saw the xlr and I know you have to have some kind of interface.

DonOvan Johnson: yeah because that you need the power because most computers and and they call it late in power or it's a.

DonOvan Johnson: word, but they need supply the amount of amps to to work, so it amplifies and makes the power go to some some computers don't have enough power to power, the xlr.

DonOvan Johnson: You know it's a big thick cable and it's just like when you see singers you know how the cordless MIC with the old quarter mix, you know with the little in the back it's got this.

DonOvan Johnson: chrome looking or metal.

DonOvan Johnson: Coming out those that are one that's really durable and they clicking so when you squeeze it and click it into you know the socket it's there.

DonOvan Johnson: And that's why some people can take a microphone that's in a swing it over their head.

DonOvan Johnson: Like it's the last though you know, like prints are some of the other people that artists, they fall to the ground and ground and Magnus like yeah it's really durable so.

DonOvan Johnson: And, plus the core too long, you can go so long and go, you know, like across the stage, but if it's if it's condensed I mean if it's a.

DonOvan Johnson: microphone that USB or usc it's not gonna it's going to go into your computer and you can't carry computer all across the stage with you, so the xlr is this traditional standard.

Gregory Coleman: Anything anything.

Gregory Coleman: else in the cable got to be pretty thick to carry the power that far.

Gregory Coleman: Right, because the longer the cables get.

Gregory Coleman: The more power, you need.

Gregory Coleman: So it's like I can see why the cables are thick.

DonOvan Johnson: yeah and uh you know the computer is normally is just a little port, you know the USB C and our MC into the US us the USB directly.

DonOvan Johnson: But those are Those are the things that came out as computers and laptops came around they normally, you have the xlr and then you have the interface that connects the.

DonOvan Johnson: powers, the actual microphone and then it goes directly into the computer you know, so the interface is the in between that's the middleman so supplies phantom pato the word was phantom power phantom.

DonOvan Johnson: Word yeah that's where you get empowered to power up the MIC but the interface takes their power and transfers it into your computer on a lower level so.

Gregory Coleman: Okay yeah i'm apologizing for the noise in case you guys hear hear the noise going by but the other thing is among.

Gregory Coleman: Besides xlr, and this is really taking go i'm learning a lot.

Gregory Coleman: But i'm actually recording under a blanket.

Gregory Coleman: Just last time I had mine had a blank around the block the noise and someone was playing music above.

DonOvan Johnson: and trucks going by and stuff so that's where the mix come in, where you know they can kind of like you can set it and it and it condenses the sound directly into you going into the microphone where it's.

DonOvan Johnson: The extra noise or the extraneous noise on the outside is muffled as much as he can you know.

DonOvan Johnson: And then, when we were going to garage band, we can actually gauge the you know turn down some of the extra sound and build the the voice part of you know, make it louder so it's clear and cleaner so.

DonOvan Johnson: The microphones are important.

Gregory Coleman: To me, is garage band on it.

Gregory Coleman: So the recording I think we can use graduate here's think I don't I pretty much only use apple products, so I don't really know what is the android version of garage band.

DonOvan Johnson: really use the apple I use apple products through and a lot of my friends are like what are you doing.

DonOvan Johnson: You know there's so many things that they can do with their android, but I just I just like the ios but i'm.

DonOvan Johnson: i'm sure there's I don't want to speak on something I don't know we can we can table that for the next broadcast and we can look that up but.

Gregory Coleman: Does it keep for.

DonOvan Johnson: The PC PC and androids that kind of thing but apple MAC products they they speak a different language so.

DonOvan Johnson: Let me notice, they have you can use our wedding and you can use garage band for either one it's versatile you.

DonOvan Johnson: can use.

DonOvan Johnson: You can use garage band.

DonOvan Johnson: For you just have to download it, you can use that for the android as well, but I know.

DonOvan Johnson: there's there's a pro tools and certain things is other parameters and things that you can you can plug into your android or your PC as opposed to.

DonOvan Johnson: So this.

Gregory Coleman: Last time I did I used audacity on my desk I think.

DonOvan Johnson: They are used that before yeah that works for both too, but it's.

DonOvan Johnson: primarily for the you know the PC and the android.

Gregory Coleman: and honestly garage band looks so much better and.

Gregory Coleman: it's not the reason to pick a piece of software, but.

Gregory Coleman: it's like.

Gregory Coleman: i'm seeing I mean I do software, there was like a desk it's like man this interface looks like it's written in 1983.

and

Gregory Coleman: Probably just upset some people or something, but although I mean.

Gregory Coleman: I mean it's still it's still.

Gregory Coleman: it's still works well and everything.

DonOvan Johnson: But yeah.

DonOvan Johnson: it's about the performance but yeah I remember when I use audacity one time I had to use it for an air tech.

DonOvan Johnson: And I was making this this really simple but I didn't know about garage band, and I said oh wow it's a different it's a wow factor.

DonOvan Johnson: But they both do the same thing as the sound wave and how you can edit it and it just make it a little more I friendly someone's be for the ios or MAC products apple so.

DonOvan Johnson: yeah I like it, I like it.

Gregory Coleman: yeah it's a I don't know when it came out it's it's like it's like been free forever, so I mean I never paid for it but it's one of everything, so I think it just comes with Max its own its own ipads its own laptop so.

DonOvan Johnson: And I.

Gregory Coleman: know each other with audacity.

Gregory Coleman: I just use garage band last time.

DonOvan Johnson: i'm with a comparable, which just looks like sleeker and more modern on the.

DonOvan Johnson: The you know the.

DonOvan Johnson: Corrections band.

Gregory Coleman: So, Michelle do we have left.

DonOvan Johnson: Oh what's the.

Gregory Coleman: Next steps, I want to talk about.

DonOvan Johnson: Where we're at 22 minutes all right now.

Gregory Coleman: Actually, the next episode, I want to talk about branding and the music like you know.

Gregory Coleman: intro music and stuff like that and branding like the images and stuff like that.

Gregory Coleman: But I guess we're time.

DonOvan Johnson: Well, you were 23, but I think we had a minute before we actually started talking so.

DonOvan Johnson: that's sort of our.

DonOvan Johnson: Our second episode.

and

DonOvan Johnson: We want to tease it again.

DonOvan Johnson: Where we're going to be on in the next episode.

Gregory Coleman: Okay we're going to be more.

Gregory Coleman: branding branding.

Gregory Coleman: And the images, the name the music, you want to use that stuff.

Gregory Coleman: And so.

DonOvan Johnson: and well.

DonOvan Johnson: Because we're still in looking we're still going over what our name is going to be for the podcast because you know I saw a number another unnamed or on.

Gregory Coleman: A lot and.

DonOvan Johnson: Then you know yeah I name, so we were just doing generic, so to speak, test to get it out there and no make no pretense that we're we're not learning as we're doing we are lurking in the some of the things like it should have been elementary should already knew.

DonOvan Johnson: But I never said some of the things about even they weren't podcasts and your podcasts like Hello Hello.

podcast.

DonOvan Johnson: is like i'm eating a hamburger hamburger no.

Gregory Coleman: Definitely can't do.

DonOvan Johnson: But it works for pizza pizza though it works for.

Gregory Coleman: season yeah any sponsors to no no.

DonOvan Johnson: We will take off sponsorships but uh.

DonOvan Johnson: that's what we're gonna do on the next episode and that's Greg Coleman and i'm donovan.

DonOvan Johnson: Johnson, and the unnamed podcast This is our second don't know what we're doing but it's our second.

DonOvan Johnson: episode, and we thank you for listening, can you give them the social platforms, that we can be.

Gregory Coleman: listened to, we haven't set them up here we don't have a name.

DonOvan Johnson: that's good.

DonOvan Johnson: We have no sponsors.

DonOvan Johnson: sponsored by no one.

Gregory Coleman: No one.

Gregory Coleman: When we get socials I guess we'll add them yeah.

DonOvan Johnson: Well it's been fun, you know kind of like going over some of the things that we've learned and what we're gonna continue to learn and eventually will know what we're doing and.

DonOvan Johnson: If we can do it.

DonOvan Johnson: yeah.

DonOvan Johnson: Well, thanks Greg.

DonOvan Johnson: Thanks for our listeners, thank you for putting up with us and we're going to get better.

DonOvan Johnson: And, and we couldn't do it without you.

Gregory Coleman: And we're out.

DonOvan Johnson: And we're out.

Okay.

