---
layout: post
title: "We Look at Getting Music For Your Podcast"
date: 2022-06-26 10:10:29
file: https://dts.podtrac.com/redirect.mp3/archive.org/download/

summary: "Podcast Music"
description: "Discussing issues that are important when finding music for your podcast"
duration: "24:19" 
length: "366"
explicit: "no" 
keywords: "technology, podcast, creators, musix"
block: "no" 
voices: "DonOvan Johnson, Gregory Coleman"
---

### Podcast Breakdown : Podcast Music

#### Transcript ####

```
DonOvan Johnson Welcome to the podcast breakdown formerly known as the unnamed podcast hosted by me i'm done event.
DonOvan Johnson And my co hosts.
Gregory Coleman: And Greg Coleman.
DonOvan Johnson And we're positively approaching building a viable podcast without knowledge which means we're just doing it.
DonOvan Johnson We know we don't know what to do so, we have the steps that we accomplish on each weekly episode and we break those down into.
DonOvan Johnson Each episode learning something new or learning what not to do learning what to do so, welcome to the broadcast breakdown hey Greg what i'm going to be talking about this episode.
Gregory Coleman: Where we're doing pretty good data actually we've learned a lot so far it's been it's been pretty enlightening we're talking about getting music, for your podcast.
Gregory Coleman: And how to get.
Gregory Coleman: to choose music for an intro and an extra that's what it's called the music brings people into your podcast and the music that bad.
Gregory Coleman: yeah listen at the end of your podcast so since donovan has had years of experience in the industry, what what is know what do you think should be in a good intro what should it sound like how should they set the stage for what is needed.
DonOvan Johnson Well, the intro is you know the music well what I just said and be any welcome to the podcast you know normally have some kind of intro music before you start talking and then.
DonOvan Johnson it's going under you are you're still talking, you know, so you can still hear the music and that makes a good transition and.
DonOvan Johnson Then, when you know you have that music, it should be up tempo or something lively to match your your speaking, but it should be something that's catchy something that you know when they hear they know okay that's that's the show and.
DonOvan Johnson In radio, they have plenty of you know intros because you know you have so many things to do intros and outros are the end of the show, and then you have where you take breaks, you have music.
DonOvan Johnson That that's different between the intro and you just speak over it, and then you bring it back down and you start you know start the show, but we definitely need something to because what they call it is talking into dead air and so.
Gregory Coleman: Once there.
DonOvan Johnson there's when there's nothing in the background it's dry they call it dry or dead dead air means there's nothing going on, but just spoken voice.
DonOvan Johnson And that's good for narrations but since you're engaging with people, we need to have something that's gonna you know, let them know this is the beginning and we're starting and it's just an energetic goose to you know just a regular voice so.
DonOvan Johnson When I talking into dead air.
Gregory Coleman: so easily talk over it, I mean do you like start the intro and then it ends and then you start talking really the volume goes down, and then we started talking.
DonOvan Johnson yeah well some some some time to introduce just that music.
DonOvan Johnson carrier intro what you're saying of how you're going to start the podcast you can have different music this a bed, as they call it and it's like underneath you really don't.
DonOvan Johnson Have it loud enough to where you really recognize anybody carries in case when we stop talking, you have either sound effects or music.
Gregory Coleman: it's going to normally you have.
DonOvan Johnson To have royalty free music, where you don't you have to have the rights to play like a song or something that's recognizable and they can come after your shift you down or mute your your podcast because you don't have the right students music so.
Gregory Coleman: Okay we're going to copyright copyright free music in a minute.
Gregory Coleman: But you sit up in bed the music is a bed is in her music.
DonOvan Johnson yeah that's the one where it's underneath you like little quiet, but it's music underneath it just carries on where you're speaking and they call that a bed or sound bad.
DonOvan Johnson and
lane and the nation.
DonOvan Johnson Well, sometimes it can be your host show or you can change music as you're going through part one, part two, or before you go into the advertisement.
DonOvan Johnson And then, sometimes it's just well we just the intro and then the Alto is the end of the show when you're wrapping it up summarizing and then you're saying well, thank you for listening and.
DonOvan Johnson Come back and catch us on you know, wherever you find your podcast So those are those are the two that are really most important to intro and then the outros.
Gregory Coleman: Okay, how long, should they be like when you were doing radio, how long was the intro music before he started talking.
DonOvan Johnson And what's a little different in radio, but the brief for the better so just enough to establish the sound and then, when you start speaking and you do your intro and announcing who you are and what you're about.
DonOvan Johnson Then it should be fading and then you can just continue when you say okay this episode we're speaking on and the music's normally is going to be.
DonOvan Johnson turned down so low or off that you know you don't need it anymore, but the intro is establishing you know either sound effects and music or just music so.
Gregory Coleman: it's really interesting, should the Internet and Alto be the same music.
DonOvan Johnson Now it's it well, I mean it could be, but I like it when it's a little different you know.
DonOvan Johnson Because the intro when they hear it, they know you're starting they got it its beginning and at the exit you know you're saying your tagline where you can be reached and it's up to your preference, but I prefer a little different you know.
Gregory Coleman: Okay.
Gregory Coleman: um so.
Gregory Coleman: Now this this i'm still processing on that so thinking about a bad i'm thinking about how many times have I listened to a podcast and thought, maybe there is music plan I just never heard it like it was so low in the background, I never heard it.
DonOvan Johnson And, most of the times that's why I feel so low that you know.
DonOvan Johnson If you're going to be going between you know, like between me and you talking and then, if we had a guest.
DonOvan Johnson Then that's when you pop it up in between the introduce that guessing to bring it back down but, for the most part the intro is important.
DonOvan Johnson You know, because it establishes you know the focal point of your ears hearing the audio or your you know your they don't see you so.
DonOvan Johnson If you're videotaping and the podcast is on video, then you can see, the person, but normally they would just have the title.
DonOvan Johnson And then that person who are speaking and bring it down for the normally that's engineered in radio they normally have that we had to last, no more than about maybe 20 seconds and you're speaking, you can fade it down but normally is brief you know, like 10 seconds.
that's okay.
DonOvan Johnson And that is not a sound effect.
DonOvan Johnson But uh I hope I answered them, you know kind of clear it for you.
Gregory Coleman: I mean The thing is, we need an intro.
Gregory Coleman: We have like no intro music.
DonOvan Johnson yeah and.
DonOvan Johnson That that helps the transition like see when we were in I said and and there was nothing there you know we made music where Where would you.
DonOvan Johnson Where would you send people.
Gregory Coleman: To look for me like my other podcast I use soundcloud right, but before that I want to talk about something called creative commons licenses.
Gregory Coleman: And so you have a lot of you know there's a lot of ways, you can get music, you can license it, you can you can have someone write it for you, you can you can go to a music company, you can use brianna's latest song, although that will work for you.
Gregory Coleman: But you can you can get hit and get music and always.
Gregory Coleman: A lot of what you see nowadays called creative commons licensed.
Gregory Coleman: And so, basically it's a it's all it's just sort of a standard license.
Gregory Coleman: That lets you use your music and it's really important to know the differences.
Gregory Coleman: So there's there's different licenses whatever this.
Gregory Coleman: Creative commons they're they're open anyone can use them, you can see him on otter places.
Gregory Coleman: Creative commons attribution.
Gregory Coleman: This is on this is a license it says, you can use our music, you can you know you can use a commercially you don't have to pay for it, but you have to give me credit for it.
DonOvan Johnson yeah sure.
DonOvan Johnson You don't have the right, so they have the right, so now you.
DonOvan Johnson you're acknowledging that that's where music comes from.
Gregory Coleman: yeah well, I mean you think about it right, you want to you want to license it.
DonOvan Johnson mm hmm.
Gregory Coleman: You want to let people work on it and stuff like that, but you also want them saying this was done by someone, so this is done by Donna Johnson right, so people are like Oh, I really like this, let me go back to the author site, let me go back to the original place.
DonOvan Johnson Oh OK so it's like remixes in radio, I mean remixes of music.
Gregory Coleman: yeah.
Gregory Coleman: But you know it's.
Gregory Coleman: it's also an advertisement you think.
Gregory Coleman: Because it's like everyone that uses supposed to like put the name of the person who created the music out there.
DonOvan Johnson mm hmm.
Gregory Coleman: Right.
DonOvan Johnson And then other people, so I might want them to do my intro music.
Gregory Coleman: yeah or you know do some corporate music or or something like that.
Gregory Coleman: So you could for that when you can.
Gregory Coleman: That you can remix it and you can do anything you want that's like that's the most common one, that everyone doesn't go everywhere, then there's you'll see them it'll be like CC and then the y and then CC by SA is it's a different letters you'll see it but.
DonOvan Johnson The sand, what is the CC Center for creative comments.
Gregory Coleman: See she stands for creative Commons.
Gregory Coleman: You why stands for.
Gregory Coleman: You have to say who it was by.
DonOvan Johnson Oh that's what you're still be wise word by okay.
DonOvan Johnson yeah I bet it's if it's i'm like broadcast something with a why.
Gregory Coleman: yeah I mean that's just the way you know, it was my computer people.
Gregory Coleman: Try to recreate everything.
Gregory Coleman: i'm a computer person, so I can say that.
DonOvan Johnson Well, you know I had, I had a I was playing around in garage band, and you can create music based on certain.
DonOvan Johnson Certain genres and certain instruments and and you know sort of like what is that.
DonOvan Johnson Pro what is it pro tools.
DonOvan Johnson and
DonOvan Johnson I made some beats and some things you know, I was like well, maybe I could create something and in the scores are available through you know the platform when you're on garage band you create your own music.
Gregory Coleman: yeah.
Gregory Coleman: And that's that's licensed by you, so we could use it.
DonOvan Johnson huh okay.
Gregory Coleman: I mean you could also you could also put it up on soundcloud or some other places, as I go, you can use it with creative Commons, you know be wise, and so you can use it, but you have to tell everyone I created it.
Gregory Coleman: i'm crazy.
DonOvan Johnson And that's what you say that's an opportunity at that time for.
Gregory Coleman: a bunch of.
Gregory Coleman: websites, where people like put up the other other licensed material.
Gregory Coleman: And then asked you to like.
Gregory Coleman: They ask you to give a pointer back to their website so it's almost like an advertisement.
DonOvan Johnson yeah so you know that's that is.
DonOvan Johnson available for you.
DonOvan Johnson So you want to make one, and I can make one.
DonOvan Johnson let's just look on soundcloud see if something's already.
Gregory Coleman: As soon as a Sharon like licenses an excellent want to talk about creative Commons and you can share it but anything you do.
Gregory Coleman: Other people have to be able to do the same thing.
DonOvan Johnson Right in an example of a.
Gregory Coleman: sequence if I come out with with.
Gregory Coleman: With a really nice speed.
Gregory Coleman: And so, in a producer comes and uses it.
Gregory Coleman: He uses it in a music video or some other work now that work means that his video anyone else can use his video.
Gregory Coleman: So I love to use it, but you have to share it just like I shared it with you.
DonOvan Johnson Oh changes.
Gregory Coleman: Or you can change it, but that just means if you use this this song.
Gregory Coleman: When you make something you have to let everybody else use the sound in the same way I let you use myself.
DonOvan Johnson Okay, so we all share share and share alike.
Gregory Coleman: Content attribution share alike.
Gregory Coleman: So there's there's not supposed to do, and one of them, the next one, I want to look at is attribution no derivatives.
Gregory Coleman: which the abbreviated indie but basically means you do anything you want, you can make money off of it, but you can't really edit it.
DonOvan Johnson Okay.
DonOvan Johnson You can use it and get you know if you can use it and make money, but it has to be an original state you can't deviate from it.
Gregory Coleman: yeah you can't cut it up and sample something.
Gregory Coleman: hmm but I mean I hardly ever see that one.
DonOvan Johnson Yes, the end yeah.
Gregory Coleman: So the next one, this is what I see a lot.
Gregory Coleman: attribution noncommercial.
DonOvan Johnson Is nc right.
Gregory Coleman: Right it's insane so what that means is you know i'm going to creative copy.
Gregory Coleman: it's licensed you can use it, you have to point back and say who did it, but you can't do it as social for commercial work you can't make money off of it.
DonOvan Johnson Ah, see that a lot.
Gregory Coleman: You do see a lot, especially people in soundcloud.
Gregory Coleman: Motion system i've seen in other places, but I think you know i'm not really an expert on this one, but I think it's for.
Gregory Coleman: It seems to be from people.
Gregory Coleman: From what i've seen it's they want to give some of their work away.
Gregory Coleman: Right and, if you want to use it in a music video you can contact them, and you know pay them, but just for people using it for their own stuff for non commercial stuff.
Gregory Coleman: they're fine for that you know, because when you think about it's like here i'm gonna let you use it as long as you're not making any money off of it, you don't have to pay me.
Gregory Coleman: money.
DonOvan Johnson To make money off of it, you got to.
DonOvan Johnson fork over some cash.
Gregory Coleman: let's do it yeah yeah software is run like that bio something like that a lot.
Gregory Coleman: of your software products it's like it's free to use, you can do whatever you want with it, oh you're a business Okay, you need to pay for a license.
Gregory Coleman: Ah, and and people do and people do pay for licenses they don't have to, but you know the.
DonOvan Johnson prices affordable or.
DonOvan Johnson inexpensive or they can they go up depends on.
Gregory Coleman: usually pretty cheap.
DonOvan Johnson You know, there was.
Gregory Coleman: Like one software product I use they just went to like that kind of license where it's like free for.
DonOvan Johnson Companies under 2525 employees.
Gregory Coleman: yeah so basically you know just using it personally or a small company.
Gregory Coleman: You know, in the pattern, but as soon as you get to be a large company.
Gregory Coleman: Then they were like $25 a year per person.
DonOvan Johnson And that's still affordable.
Gregory Coleman: Usually is affordable, because you know they're basically trusting people.
DonOvan Johnson To pay the license ah.
Gregory Coleman: chasing people down or anything and.
Gregory Coleman: Then I get a pass.
DonOvan Johnson But they're always going to block your content.
Gregory Coleman: yeah but they're also not paying.
Gregory Coleman: The distribution because there's like.
Gregory Coleman: hey you want to use this it's free you're glad and use it.
Gregory Coleman: So, in a sense that helps them as well, so when when.
Gregory Coleman: it's when when they don't have to pay off for like sales and marketing and stuff.
Gregory Coleman: So.
Gregory Coleman: Then there's let's see the next license attribution noncommercial share alike i've never seen that before.
DonOvan Johnson But it's got to be similar.
Gregory Coleman: yeah it.
Gregory Coleman: Is it lets you a remix and adapt.
DonOvan Johnson and build a bond the work non commercially.
Gregory Coleman: yeah it's it's sure like i'm not really sure what the differences.
Gregory Coleman: But it's I haven't really seen that that often.
Gregory Coleman: same thing you just you have to share it.
Gregory Coleman: Then there's attribution non commercial no derivatives.
Gregory Coleman: and
DonOvan Johnson Changes what does that.
Gregory Coleman: means you can't use it for any commercial work you can't.
Gregory Coleman: really do anything with it, except pretty much listen to.
DonOvan Johnson Okay, so you can't share.
Gregory Coleman: You can share it but yeah you got it from.
Gregory Coleman: So you can share it yet see where you get it from you can't modify it so basically can download it and listen to it.
Gregory Coleman: that's pretty much at this.
Gregory Coleman: yeah that's about it so that's like.
DonOvan Johnson Did you find out about that, how did you find out about creative comments or Where would you send our.
DonOvan Johnson Future podcasters are kind of podcasters where they would like to know how to do that.
Gregory Coleman: Well i'll put this in the show notes, but creative commons.org.
Gregory Coleman: But I think it really for me, the first time I saw it was.
Gregory Coleman: In computer software and photos there's only two things I really did.
Gregory Coleman: and
DonOvan Johnson it's similar is that similar to like when you see getty images they have to put that over pictures.
Gregory Coleman: or won't get into getty images makes a lot of money, but now, this is usually people who want to share images.
Okay.
Gregory Coleman: So we can look at some places that.
Gregory Coleman: You can find software.
Gregory Coleman: The one I use, which is it really that common is soundcloud.
DonOvan Johnson yeah I know some rappers and some performance they put their music on soundcloud and sometimes they get the beaten, they just you know sing over rap over.
DonOvan Johnson But it sounds kind of cloud is popular for a lot of rappers.
Gregory Coleman: yeah.
Gregory Coleman: Of the end of the.
Gregory Coleman: account.
DonOvan Johnson And how long have you been using soundcloud.
Gregory Coleman: Just like the past like year two.
Gregory Coleman: So I use this one.
Gregory Coleman: musical are competing music lab.
Gregory Coleman: And so they have like their background music has no copyright.
Gregory Coleman: You can just use it it's free downloads.
DonOvan Johnson Also, you just download it and use it.
yeah.
DonOvan Johnson Can you edit it.
Gregory Coleman: Separate so yeah i'm pretty sure you can.
Okay.
DonOvan Johnson that's why it's so popular, I know I see a lot of songs and I just haven't signed up an account anything but sometimes i'll i'll get a message new music out there, tell me it's available on soundcloud so go listen to it on soundcloud.
Gregory Coleman: Well, the guy gives us his musical free there's only a few hundred downloads.
Gregory Coleman: On each one or two you know I think it's sort of surprising because it does help.
Gregory Coleman: I like his music I use it for my other podcasts.
Gregory Coleman: And some of the other stuff i'm doing.
DonOvan Johnson So be.
DonOvan Johnson peachy keen on music well.
DonOvan Johnson that's the that's one of my soundcloud right.
Gregory Coleman: yeah he just makes music video for YouTube videos.
Okay.
Gregory Coleman: So let's see what's another one.
Gregory Coleman: Okay music open.
DonOvan Johnson i've seen that before.
Gregory Coleman: Okay.
Gregory Coleman: I haven't really used to sing before.
DonOvan Johnson These are royalty free so you don't have to pay.
Gregory Coleman: Yes, the nonprofit says, this means open that or the other.
Gregory Coleman: we're probably we're probably gonna put these in the show notes.
Gregory Coleman: Okay, those that all these URLs.
Gregory Coleman: This is free music archive so it's free music archive.org I haven't.
Gregory Coleman: has been recommended to me by a couple people I have not had much luck with it at all.
DonOvan Johnson i've never even seen that.
DonOvan Johnson Great can you believe we're approaching our last minute.
Gregory Coleman: Okay welcome.
Gregory Coleman: So i'm going to put all these sites that I found and i'll put it in the notes.
DonOvan Johnson Put in any links.
Gregory Coleman: links, there is one thing I want to talk about it's like.
Gregory Coleman: YouTube as a huge audio library.
Gregory Coleman: But before i'm not really sure I haven't really checked, you had to use it for YouTube videos.
DonOvan Johnson Okay.
DonOvan Johnson put it on instagram or Facebook or anything else live, you have to do it for YouTube only.
Gregory Coleman: that's what it used to be, I should.
DonOvan Johnson Talk over you.
Gregory Coleman: Know i'm going to change that I think you can use anywhere okay.
Gregory Coleman: Oh no there's further right here.
Gregory Coleman: You must contact the artists, if you wish to use music or any kind of project outside of YouTube.
Gregory Coleman: Okay, I guess, this time.
yeah.
Gregory Coleman: So you should have ultra music right here if you're hearing ultra music, that means we found music.
DonOvan Johnson So that's that's what we're going to do on the next episode we're going to start with the intro and come up with an ultra.
Definitely.
DonOvan Johnson Well it's just been fun and it's been short and sweet, to me it seemed like it went really quick, but I would like to thank our listeners.
DonOvan Johnson For tuning in to the podcast breakdown formerly known as a podcast i'm donovan that's Greg and like said, our motto is if we can make a podcast we can do it.
DonOvan Johnson anybody can do it, and so we want to help you get there and stay tuned to the episodes upcoming the podcast breakdown dot info if you want to email us, we also tell them about the interviews.
Gregory Coleman: Oh so we're starting to interviews in our next time he was actually with a founder of a website called ninja buzz.
Gregory Coleman: Which is a really cool site that lets people advertise their podcasts and what podcast take advertisers and make revenue was about monetization.
DonOvan Johnson And we didn't even know that was a thing.
DonOvan Johnson So yeah that was looking this new territory yeah.
DonOvan Johnson So.
Gregory Coleman: That will be speaking.
DonOvan Johnson will be speaking to will be the Co creator and the founder of ninja bus.
DonOvan Johnson that's on the next episode so.
DonOvan Johnson it's been fun great.
DonOvan Johnson it's been great and.
DonOvan Johnson We can tell them where you can reach us on wherever you get your podcasts but some of them will be apple podcast Google podcast.
Gregory Coleman: named other podcasts and of course spotify.
DonOvan Johnson spotify yet.
DonOvan Johnson So thank you for bearing with us as we learn what we do we're doing it without any.
DonOvan Johnson parachute just doing so thank you for listening and I will see you in the next episode of the podcast breakdown.
Gregory Coleman: And please subscribe.
DonOvan Johnson yeah like subscribe.
DonOvan Johnson Thank you all right Greg will talk to you.

```
